# Fill in, commit and push each day.

Oct 6, 2016
	Yesterday : 
		I completed the initial JugPuzzle Model classes
	
	Today     : Add Scrum framework documents to project. Proofread 
		        and post the assignment. Send message to all students
		        about the availability of the assignment. Created
		     	most of the visuals for the JugPuzzle GUI
	
	Obstacles : Had to learn how to incorporate JProgressBars, and 
				had issues linking JugPuzzleController to the new GUI class 

Oct 7, 2016
	Yesterday : Created the visuals for the GUI (VIEW). Tried to create the move
				but had difficulties. Overall the GUI was created.
	Today     : All of the code to make the game run is complete. The game runs
				perfectly. The basics of the game is complete. 
	Obstacles : Having trouble making the restart button to play the game after the game is complete
				Having trouble making the quit button if the user decides to quit.
	
Oct 8, 2016
	Yesterday : Completed most the JugPuzzle moves. Added Quit Button that quits the game
	Today     : Today I have created the Title for the Jug Puzzle. I am working on making a restart
				or Play Again button for the user to restart the game. I also made it so that the 
				game opens in the center of the player's window.
	Obstacles : There is minor bugs when creating the restart button.
	
Oct 9, 2016
	Yesterday : Created the quit button that quits the game when requested by the user.
				Also made it so the game opens in the middle of the screen instead of the top corner.
	Today     : Altered my code, so that it has a JugPuzzleGUIView file. Added Restart button. Added highscores.
	Obstacles : Had to learn about observables.  
	
Oct 10, 2016
	Yesterday : Added observables, restart button and highscores for the user.
	Today     : Minor bug fixes.
	Obstacles : None 
	
Oct 11, 2016
	Yesterday : Minor Bug Fixes.
	Today     : Tried to add custom cursor/custom image background.
	Obstacles : Custom cursor and / custom image background is not showing up in the frame. Will work on it tomorrow.
	
Oct 12, 2016
	Yesterday : Tried to add custom cursor/custom image background.
	Today     : Added colors to the buttons, to make them look more cleaner. Changed
				borders and backgrounds of all the buttons.
	Obstacles : None.
	
Oct 13, 2016
	Yesterday : Added colours to the buttons, and make a cleaner design.
	Today     : Trying to edit the background and create a flat and more modern UI
				Added all of the Javadocs.
	Obstacles : None.
	
Oct 14, 2016
	Yesterday : Trying to edit the background and create a flat and more modern UI
				Added all of the Javadocs.
	Today     : Added extra comments, easier to read code.
	Obstacles : None
	
Oct 15, 2016
	Yesterday : Added extra comments, easier to read the code
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for ontime submission.
				Completed project and handed it in
	Obstacles : None.

Oct 16, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : 
	Obstacles :
	
Oct 17, 2016
	Yesterday :
	Today     : Commit and push by tonight at midnight for late submission.
	Obstacles :
